Update build-instructions.md to note the kernel exception for WSL1. (#81)
darlinghq/darling-docs: src/build-instructions.md

A minimum of 4 GB of RAM is also required for building. Using swap space may help reduce the memory usage, but is likely to slow the build down significantly.

> Linux 5.0 or higher is required, except for in the case of Windows Subsystem for Linux 1, whicb emulates a Linux 4.4 kernel.

Reviewer: > It has occurred to me that maybe we shouldn't be supporting WSL1 at all, seeing as Microsoft doesn't maintain it any more.

At least for now, I don't want to get rid of the code changes that added WSL1 support (since someone put in the time and effort to create PRs for WSL1, and I would feel bad getting rid of it).

But depending on the path Darling takes, we might have to get rid of the code.

> I don't know if it works under current versions of Windows 11 either, should I give it a try?

Up to you, it would be interesting to see if Darling still works on it. I don't think anyone in the team tests for WSL1 support.

> Linux 5.0 or higher is required, except for in the case of Windows Subsystem for Linux 1, whicb emulates a Linux 4.4 kernel.

Author: I just did a quick sanity check with a minimal Debian 13 net install that was commandline only, and it compiled and ran successfully there. i shall file a bug.

> Linux 5.0 or higher is required, except for in the case of Windows Subsystem for Linux 1, whicb emulates a Linux 4.4 kernel.

Author: TO get back on topic, I have noted that WSL1 is not officially supported and to be used at your own risk. I think that's what you wanted me to do? Shall I now squash these commits?

> Linux 5.0 or higher is required. One exception to this rule is Windows Subsystem for Linux 1, which emulates a Linux 4.4 kernel. Please note that Windows Subsystem for Linux 1 is not officially supported - use it at your own risk.

Reviewer: How about this

```suggestion
Linux 5.0 or higher is required. While the Darling team has accepted contributions for WSL1 support, we do not provide any support for running Darling on WSL1 - use it at your own risk.
```
